New Resource: `azurerm_arc_kubernetes_cluster` (#15401)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "HybridKubernetes"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster"
description: |-
  Manages a HybridKubernetes connected cluster.
---

# azurerm_hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster

Manages a HybridKubernetes connected cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "test" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

> resource "azurerm_hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster" "test" {
>   name                         = "example-connected-cluster"
>   resource_group_name          = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
>   agent_public_key_certificate = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
>   distribution                 = "gke"
> 
>   identity {
>     type = "SystemAssigned"
>   }
>   infrastructure = "gcp"
>   location       = "West Europe"
> 
>   tags = {
>     ENV = "Test"
>   }
> }

Reviewer: we should reorder this to be:

```suggestion
resource "azurerm_hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster" "test" {
  name                         = "example-connected-cluster"
  resource_group_name          = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
  location       = azurerm_resource_group.test.location
  distribution                 = "gke"
  infrastructure = "gcp"
  agent_public_key_certificate = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  
  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }

  tags = {
    ENV = "Test"
  }
}
```

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this HybridKubernetes Connected Cluster. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes Connected Cluster to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Arc Kubernetes Cluster. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the HybridKubernetes connected cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes connected cluster to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Arc Kubernetes Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

> * `agent_public_key_certificate` - (Required) Base64 encoded public certificate used by the agent to do the initial handshake to the backend services in Azure. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes connected cluster to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `agent_public_key_certificate` - (Required) Specifies the base64-encoded public certificate used by the agent to do the initial handshake to the backend services in Azure. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

> * `identity` - (Required) An `identity` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity` - (Required) An `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

> * `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the HybridKubernetes connected cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes connected cluster to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Arc Kubernetes Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

> * `distribution` - (Optional) The HybridKubernetes distribution running on this connected cluster. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes connected cluster to be created.

Reviewer: three things:

1.

```suggestion
* `distribution` - (Optional) Specifies the distribution running on this Arc Kubernetes Cluster. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

2. What does this do?
3. Should this be a user-specifiable field? is this computed-only?

Author: Both **distribution** and **infrastructure** are user-specifiable fields. **infrastructure** refers to the cloud provider where the Kubernetes cluster resides (like Azure, aws, gcp). **distribution** refers to the type of the Kubernetes cluster itself(like aks, gke, eks). However, these values need to be manually configured by users. Currently, both of these fields are simple strings only and will not be validated by the back end.

> * `infrastructure` - (Optional) The infrastructure on which the HybridKubernetes cluster represented by this connected cluster is running on. Changing this forces a new HybridKubernetes connected cluster to be created.

Reviewer: same 3 questions here:

```suggestion
* `infrastructure` - (Optional) Specifies the infrastructure on which the Arc Kubernetes Cluster is running on. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Cluster to be created.
```

2. What does this do?
3. Should this be user-specifiable, or is this a computed-only field?

Author: Answered above.

> * `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Arc Kubernetes Cluster.
```

---

> An `identity` block exports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `identity` block supports the following:
```

> * `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity assigned to this Arc Kubernetes Cluster. At this time the only possible value is `SystemAssigned`.
```

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the Arc Kubernetes Cluster.
```

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

> * `provisioning_state` - The current deployment state of connected clusters.

Reviewer: this field should be removed:

```suggestion
```

and the other computed fields should be added:

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

> * `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.
> * `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.
> * `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.
> * `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the HybridKubernetes connected cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Arc Kubernetes Cluster. 
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Arc Kubernetes Cluster.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Arc Kubernetes Cluster.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Arc Kubernetes Cluster.
```

## Import

> HybridKubernetes connected cluster can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arc Kubernetes Clusters can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_hybrid_kubernetes_connected_cluster.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.Kubernetes/connectedClusters/cluster1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_arc_kubernetes_cluster.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.Kubernetes/connectedClusters/cluster1
```
